fix(auth): scope org tools to the caller and document the auth flow (#182)
SocketDev/socket-mcp: README.md

- **HTTP mode** scopes the organization tools to the caller, never to the server's own token. Send your Socket API token as an `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header on each request, or use an OAuth access token when the server runs OAuth. The server uses that per-request token for the Socket API calls it makes on your behalf. A shared deployment never answers `organizations`, `alerts`, `threat_feed`, or `package_files` with the operator's data: when a request carries no token, those tools return the auth-required error. `depscore` alone may fall back to the server's startup token, since package scores are the same for every caller.

Generate a token from the [Socket dashboard](https://socket.dev/) under API tokens, then export it before launching the server:

```sh
export SOCKET_API_TOKEN="your-socket-api-token"
```

> When no token is available, these tools return: `Authentication is required. Configure SOCKET_API_TOKEN for stdio mode or connect through OAuth-enabled HTTP mode.`

Reviewer: Consider not quoting the verbatim error string here. `269acc0` reworded `AUTH_REQUIRED_MSG` in `lib/server.ts` but this line still shows the old text, so the doc and the code have already drifted. The string is a human-readable diagnostic, not a contract clients match on, so pinning it in prose just creates a two-place-update trap — and the paragraph above already explains the per-transport auth model, making the quote redundant. Describing the behavior keeps `lib/server.ts` as the single source of truth.

```suggestion
When no token is available, these tools return an authentication-required error explaining how to supply one for each transport.
```
